trustedboot documentation (#2829)
gardenlinux/gardenlinux: README.md

The build script fetches the required builder container and manages all internal build steps. By default, it uses rootless podman, but you can switch to another container engine with the `--container-engine` flag.

> If you plan to build images with Trustedboot, see [Secureboot / Trustedboot / TPM2](docs/01_developers/build_image.md#secureboot--trustedboot--tpm2) in the image build docs for information on how to build your own certificates for development purposes.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
Garden Linux images can be built with the *trustedboot* feature—an extension to *secureboot*—for enhanced system integrity; see the [trustedboot documentation](features/_trustedboot/README.md) for build instructions.
```

would suggest to advertise the trustedboot doc, it also has section about how to build trustedboot
